Welcome back my students in this lecture here I'm going to show you how to build a simple loader that's
going to make your application look a lot nicer.
Let me just show you how it works.
For click on dashboard or any on that page you're going to see this Lowder's appear on the screen.
This is super nice and the best thing about is that you can change your background.
You can change the loader itself and you can have different images happening on the screen here when
you lower your page.
All right.
So let me go ahead and show you right away how to do this.
So the first thing that we need to do is you need to have some images you need to have the background
of the header of the loader which is that gray background with a square and a lower rate cell which
is the middle part of it.
Right.
So go ahead to this.
In this lecture here go ahead and download those two files.
All right the next thing is that you're going to have also a snippet in this lecture right here so download
that also.
All right so you're going to give you the C Ss and the images.
So the images you're going to go to your admin and you're going to place it in the images folder and
say admin just like I did right here.
All right.
And your SEE says you're going to come here to see SS because it's a good idea to actually separate
your CSSA style sheets from the main ones that you have here from the bootstrap style sheets.
All right.
So go to your store see a SS folder right click on it.
Or just create a new filing their code styles of the SS.
Save it and then go to your admin Hetter And right below this if statement right here.
If.
Is an if statement checking to see we have or responded Yes actually right here just copy one of these
down.
Pasted right below here and link your style.
She writes.
So I'm going to come here just to make sure that is actually there.
I'm going to write click and I'm going to check page source and I'll make sure that my style she's right
here is going to click it and it says that it's not so I'm missing something there let's go back to
admin header and that means I missed my extension and some words in there you see that if it's not linked
is not going to give you that style.
She lets you do it now.
There we go.
All right so it's linked perfect right.
So we don't have a problem with that.
The next thing is make sure you images are there.
Go to use your scripts.
Yes and this is what we're going to be placing our code right.
Right before the end of the document right which is this function right here.
The end tag.
Right below then tucked right here right so make a little space for it right here.
Right now the style CSSA ongoing that you have in your that you just downloaded from this lecture go
to study see SS and paste it right there right and let me just explain to you what we are doing here
then.
No scream is going to be the background of the loader dikegrave background with the squares.
This is that file right here.
Header hyphen backed up B and G.
Going to position effects of Z in that which is.
Which means that is going to be a ball if all the elements in the HD m.p.h. So we get to see this no
matter what we do.
All right is going to be on top of every HD m.p.h. element.
We've got we've got the with 100 and the high to 16 pixels.
Very very very common and the loading is going to be the the get the loader itself while right this
is all the properties for the loader and their values.
All right.
All right perfect.
Remember this is an admin.
Now the next thing is it is the code that we need to write in javascript so what we are going to be
doing here is we're going to be actually using Jake Querrey.
So let me just show you here a function that is going to be used and we're going to target the body
of the document.
We're going to be using a function called prepared and just write everything that I'm writing right
now.
All right.
And for example if I say hello here with this little function very simple function right.
Superpowerful.
I'm going to save it and you can see that something happened here something moved.
Let me just right clicking Specht element and I'm going to show you right now you see right here we've
got the word hello right here.
So it prepended that we're into our body right below the body tax.
That's what we're going to be doing.
We're going to be prepending a NHT male elements in there.
All right.
So we're going to make a VAR called dev bots and we're going to have some new elements in there.
Basically it is variable here and this is how you declare a variable in javascript.
Those of you that don't know whether with a keyword var.
Now I'm just going to be sitting here and I'm going to let you copy it down.
Basically we have two divs here right and we have one div inside another right here with the idea of
loading and the one with the idea of low scream.
And then we get to be prepending that if but variable to the body right then we're going to be using
a function a couple of functions here chained together and I'm going to explain to you how that works
in a minute.
But let me paste it in here.
So we are targeting the low screen which is this idea right here that's the background and we've got
the laded seven hundred milliseconds.
If I make it to seven thousand This is seven seconds.
So this function is the lane the appearance of that.
Then we're going to fade it out in 600 milliseconds and you can target that you can pull whatever sequence
you want here.
This is now having a second and then we are removing that item.
All right.
That's what we using.
The key word does.
Because we are removing whatever day we got there.
All right.
So let's just make sure that we save everything.
Let's go back here.
Let's see if it's working.
If we're not missing anything then we go really simple right.
This is working now.
All right.
You might want to send if you want in the future or you can you know mortified to your needs.
I just wanted to show you how you can do something like this.
All right.
And there are many loaders online there are many different backgrounds you can do.
And there are many different ways of doing it.
Now you have an idea how it works and I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you so much and I see you in the next lecture